I'd love to drop you off,
but I'm running late to the exhibition.
They'll be offended.
Why are you telling me now, Leyla?
I would have taken my car.
I have an important meeting in an hour.
How will I make it? Look at me.
We left the course in a rush.
Tomorrow is our engagement ceremony,
and you still think about work.
Please, you're hurting me.
Not enough time to go home.
I'll buy a suit on the way.
Don't get too crazy tonight.
Tomorrow will be a long day.
And I'll get jealous.
Taxi!
Follow that taxi! I'll get you!
- I finished my shift.
- Get lost, you pea-brain!
Oh, you're in line together?
Go on, sir. You are in a rush.
- Go on.
- You can go on, madam.
There is room for everyone.
Alright, we can leave.
- Don't push me. There is no room.
- I have to. We got the madam inside.
I'm stuck in a terrible position!
- Don't push me.
- Half of her body is hanging off!
Madam, we are in this together.
Say something, please!
- Please move.
- We were in this together, madam.
- There is no room!
- We were in this together!
You just had to
fit in one more person!
God, please stop!
- Thank you, God!
- Thank you, miss.
Go.
I have a meeting. If it wasn't the case…
Remember my face!
You think I don't have a meeting?
Can't I have a meeting?
Why are you all making me scream?
HOPING FOR GOOD NEWS
Dear brother-in-law,
you can't do what you're not used to.
Right? Who are you to play golf?
I don't like it, either.
Leyla forced me into it.
She doesn't want to be embarrassed
in front of her friends in Monte Carlo.
She says it's the sport
of high society. Jeez!
How is golf a sport?
You spend the day
riding around in a cart.
- Sure!
- It's ridiculous.
Excuse me.
We'll behave tonight, okay?
There are paparazzi outside.
Dad will make pants out of me
if I mess up.
- He'll shove his leg through me…
- Fine, that's enough. I get it.
I'm here for you as your brother-in-law.
Don't worry. Just have fun!
You can feel safe in my arms.
I got you tonight.
- I got you!
- Really? Alright then.
Look at him.
He is having fun as if he didn't
ruin my life. I'm freaking out!
It took me two years
to get that producer to read my script.
You animal!
Is he looking at me?
Are you looking at me?
Are you laughing at me?
Is he laughing at me?
What?
Jerk.
You'll see.
- Tequila?
- I know it.
It's for you to
drink on your way out.
Hey! Don't you see?
He is completely drunk.
Don't give him more. Let's leave.
I'm insulted!
I'm bringing it.
A bunch of babies can't teach me
how to drink!
Hey! Niyazi! Are you okay?
How could he be okay? He drank everything.
I told you to stop giving him drinks.
It's okay. I didn't drink much.
But I'm weak-willed,
so I lost myself after my second drink.
- I made it a habit.
- I beg you, get it together.
Or we'll be screwed.
We'll be done for. Please.
Your check.
Don't make me break your heart!
You can't get the check when I'm paying!
Oh, fuck!
Don't get mad, I'll pay for it.
He gets mad when they rip him off.
Holy shit!
He vomited the cucumber whole!
- Come here.
- Gentlemen, let's go.
- You mean us?
- What…
Wait a minute.
Come on!
- Let me go.
- Wait!
- Throw them out!
- Wait a minute, dude!
Niyazi!
- Wait! Let me go!
- Bulut!
- I'm not paying!
- We won't pay!
We won't! Somebody help us!
- Wait!
- Stop, bro!
- Jeez!
- Wait!
Wait a minute! Niyazi!
- Get out!
- Niyazi!
Maybe he has a sensitive stomach!
Just leave! You can go in.
They offended me, Bulut.
They wronged me.
Look at how they treated me,
a 45-year-old man!
Wait, stand tall!
What are we here for?
It's our place,
and they won't insult us here!
- Bulut, wait!
- Of course, Bulut doesn't wait.
- Stop!
- Don't go. What do we do?
He never stops!
What kind of a son is he?
He'd be the devil
if he also rebelled against God.
I completely agree, Dad.
Bekir! I'm telling you!
You're about to get it!
Why did you throw your slipper at him?
Yesterday, he split
his brother's head open.
He likes destruction so much that
I wonder if he is a reincarnated pharaoh.
I'm asking crazy questions.
Don't be silly! A pharaoh named Bekir?
They are kids, let them play.
I'm talking about Bulut, not my grandkids.
- Oh! Mom!
- My silly boy!
I told him to be careful
until the engagement,
to not get caught to paparazzi.
But see? He doesn't understand!
Never mind the idiot!
What do we say to the girl's family?
We are nobodies.
He doesn't understand he'll marry into
the richest family in the country!
You are done for, Niyazi.
You were supposed to
keep an eye on Bulut.
The girl's dad is calling.
What do I tell him?
- I know what I'll do.
- What?
- I'll go up to that piece of shit…
- Dad!
- Dad, come here!
- Honey!
Niyazi!
Niyazi…
Did we sleep on the floor?
You should be ashamed
as the host. My back!
Niyazi, let's call it what it is.
You know what happened?
My sister didn't kick you out.
She took the kids and went to our home.
Why do you stay at my place?
Go to your own home!
Do I have to start my days
by seeing your mug?
Bulut.
Don't sit on the stone floor.
It will harm your stones.
Don't poop lava
just before your engagement. Come here.
What happened to your face?
- What?
- You're asking me? You look like shit.
Who else should I ask?
We were together last night.
Is it really bad?
My eye…
Phew!
My eye is all messed up.
And my lips…
My teeth are gone!
They were implants!
I paid 2200 euros for them last week!
They fucked me up so bad!
Oh, fuck!
What did we do last night?
Look at the news.
What did we do?
You flew through the air!
You look like superheroes. Look at you.
I like it too. Good shot.
I wonder who took it.
- He caught the exact moment…
- What moment, man?
What the hell? What did we do?
What happened last night?
- You couldn't control him.
- My warmest regards.
- Özge, what are you doing here?
- We came here together last night.
Niyazi won't remember it.
Don't you remember either?
Anyway.
You need to get changed.
You're so cozy, like it's your own home.
- Özge!
- Wait.
- What are you doing?
- Come here.
- Niyazi!
- Sit down and wait.
Don't send her away yet.
Let's find out what happened
and decide afterwards.
I can't lose my teeth.
I have four more installments, please.
- I'm begging…
- Stop!
It's so bad.
Go and wash up.
Breakfast is almost ready.
We'll talk at breakfast.
- What were you doing there last night?
- What? I brought you home in one piece.
You need to thank me
instead of questioning me.
- Give me the salt.
- Bulut!
Jeez.
Don't you remember
all the stuff that happened last night?
- That's incredible.
- Bulut!
I only saw the end of it.
I don't know much.
I saw a fight and you were there.
You were getting beat up,
so I decided to help.
Ask her!
- What happened to his teeth?
- What happened?
Are you okay, Bulut?
Hey, did you do this to my brother-in-law?
Look, you need to leave
before making a bigger scene.
Alright then.
Hey! You…
My tooth is stuck to your head, sir.
What a way to pull teeth!
I have four more installments.
I swear I will beat you up.
You hear what the jerk did?
His head took my front teeth out
like a pair of pincers.
Sorry for asking, but would you
recognize him if you saw him?
Stop, Niyazi. I'll pay for your teeth.
Now you know what happened.
It's not about the money,
it's about my principles. You understand?
- Someone is at the door.
- Excuse me.
Why are you still here?
You weren't able to talk last night,
so I had to wait for the morning.
Yes, cut to the chase.
It's funny when you talk about helping me.
We know each other.
No need to lie.
Just tell me whatever it is and leave.
Fine.
I did my best
to be able to talk like two adults.
If that's what you want, okay.
I'm pregnant.
Congrats. May your baby have
a long and wonderful life.
You can go now.
You're the father, you idiot.
What? We broke up two years ago.
How did you get pregnant?
Using an extension cord?
Niyazi, get the door!
Remember when we ran into each other
in a fish restaurant three months ago?
No.
Like you don't remember last night.
Well, we went to my place.
Don't worry, nothing happened last night.
But that night…
We'll talk about that.
And take off Leyla's swimsuit.
- Dad?
- "Dad?"
What is this scandal about?
You have disgraced me!
It's a lie. There wasn't a fight.
They are exaggerating.
I just needed you
to not cause a scandal for one day.
Just behave for once!
But you can't live without chaos.
Your mom's blood pressure went up
and we rushed to the hospital.
She almost died because of you.
We didn't even know if you were okay.
We couldn't reach you on the phone.
It was on silent.
- I turned it off now. Back off!
- "Back off"?
- Go away!
- Why are you yelling at me?
- Go!
- You're kicking me out too?
- Not at all!
- You freaking…
Bulut.
Even the people of Lot
weren't punished by God like this.
What did we do to deserve all this stuff
that happened since yesterday?
Oh, God…
Your dad's slap is tattooed onto my face.
It burns like hell.
It feels like cigarette burns on my cheek.
- Why did he slap you?
- I don't know!
I opened the door
and he said, "Who the hell are you?"
He couldn't recognize me.
He gave me the Ottoman slap
before I could answer.
Then, I was in another dimension.
He doesn't know how to control himself.
Poor Mr. Kazım.
I understand you now.
He was a Maroon Beret, you hear me?
And your dad slapped
him so hard one day.
- My uncle?
- Yes.
He was in disbelief. Why do you think
they are still on bad terms?
Enough about my dad and uncle.
How are you?
Can you get up?
We need to leave the hospital now.
Why? What happened?
Özge!
Your dad broke her nose, right?
I remember.
You told me.
Your sister can make me talk.
If she questions me,
I'll tell her everything,
even Özge's grand-grandpa's background.
I know who I am. I get drunk and talk.
I'm sure she knows everything.
But let's keep it in the family.
Leyla will kill me. She called
a million times. If she hears about it…
She won't cause trouble
on your engagement day.
Don't worry, you'll be fine.
What about me?
I'm sure your sister will blame me
for everything.
Right.
It doesn't feel right.
We brought her to the hospital
and escaped like criminals.
Can you visit her after the ceremony?
I can't go myself and I'll be worried.
Fine.
- Hello?
- Who is it?
I'm listening.
Right.
You see, we are in a rush.
- What happened?
- We can't drop by.
Could you send somebody…
It's nothing.
I just dropped your engagement rings.
They'll bring it to where we are.
Sir, I'll send my location
to your employee and they can come there.
For sure, sir.
Please accept our apologies
for the unfortunate incident yesterday.
Our men didn't recognize Mr. Bulut.
I'm sending my employee
to your location right away.
Absolutely, sir.
My apologies.
My best regards.
BIG ENGAGEMENT TONIGHT
I just said
I wanted to give birth to my child.
How can I hurt an innocent soul?
What kind of a mother willingly does that?
But Bulut Haydaroğlu and his family
didn't accept it.
They all attacked me
when I said I wanted to keep my baby.
I almost lost my baby
before I could give birth.
It was horrible!
What do you think?
Do you like my performance?
You should see me
with all the press and cameras around.
Bulut, say all the prayers you know.
It's the only way
to get rid of this demon of a woman!
Are you insane?
What do you want from me?
You.
You have two hours to come here.
You are not getting engaged.
But if you insist on
getting engaged to Leyla,
now you know what will happen.
It's up to you.
Go inside, son.
Don't run around, okay? Go in.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
Welcome.
Dear Hülya. Congratulations.
How are you?
I feel amazing.
How wouldn't I?
People can't even find normal husbands,
and my daughter found a flying one.
See you.
Look at her face.
Instead of being happy for her daughter's
engagement, she looks tortured.
Well, she is not wrong.
Her daughter's getting engaged
to Bulut after all.
Think about the last 24 hours
and put yourself in her shoes.
Shut up and stop annoying me.
You'll incur my wrath now.
- What do you say?
- What?
What do you say?
What would you do?
Because that nut job
will talk to the press.
What is done is done.
But Niyazi is right.
It's better to escape from here
than have her talk to the press.
- Or it'll be bad.
- Calm down. Don't worry.
Trust me for once.
Everything is planned out.
First, find out what Özge's problem is.
In a few days, you can claim
you were stressed out and overwhelmed.
Then, you'll make up with Leyla.
No need to worry so much.
I don't care about
the wedding or whatever.
I'm only here because my bootlicking boss
wants me to deliver it personally.
Alright, I'm here.
- Okay, I found your name. You can go in.
- Thank you, good night.
He is late. He won't make it.
I'm here!
Where have you been?
The ceremony starts in five minutes!
Close the door!
I sit here.
You know how I went to Çatalca?
The police pulled me over
and took my driving license.
What were you doing in Çatalca?
We are in Beykoz!
They almost charged me
for bribing the police, but I took off.
Imagine where you would be
if the police hadn't pulled you over.
I don't know, bro.
Okay, I went a bit too far,
but it hit me afterwards.
I'll hit you now…
I opened my eyes and I was in Çatalca.
And I kept driving.
Jeez.
Whiskey.
Enjoy.
Bravo!
I don't know how we'll do it.
Should we change the plan?
You're right. You have an annoying sister.
She'll take my bottle away.
You guys go ahead.
I'll finish this quickly and join you.
- I've done it before.
- I'm not talking about that!
You need to clean this place, okay?
This is unacceptable.
How will you walk
out of the front door?
I won't use the front door like an idiot.
I'll go through the kitchen.
Check on Niyazi.
Where is he?
Who does he think he is?
Why is he still not here?
Niyazi is not around either.
I wonder what they are up to.
- Should we go check on them?
- They'll get suspicious if we go together.
You should sneak out in a few seconds.
Okay.
Go on, run!
Oh, God…
Excuse me,
I'm looking for Mr. Niyazi… Jeez!
Enough with this guy and everything…
Niyazi! Where have you been?
I conquered the Balkans
under Midhat Pasha's…
Shut up! Give me that.
Look at yourself.
You goddamned fool.
Where is Bulut?
People have been waiting for him.
Don't tell me he is drunk too
or I'll beat you up!
He is getting engaged,
so he must be there.
Tell people not to wait for him.
He can't come today.
You dirty drunkard!
Wanna kiss?
What was that?
Have a good night.
What happened? What is it?
God! What the hell?
Run!
Don't take anything
until the prosecutor comes here.
- We found something on CCTV.
- Let's go.
Hey! Oh, God.
Hold it! God!
- Don't touch it! Don't!
- Fine!
Who are you?
Why are you in my car? Get out!
- It's you!
- I'm talking to you! Don't you understand?
You… How do I know you?
- Some awful stuff happened.
- What?
Why do I care?
Just get out. I won't call the cops.
I'm running out of time.
Get out, please.
Wait. Zoom in.
Is this that person?
Are you sure?
When I came in, she was covered in blood
and getting off the body.
She was two or three meters away from me.
I'm sure it's her.
Keep playing it.
- Wait. Who is this guy?
- That's the groom-to-be, Bulut Haydaroğlu.
Weird.
You said some awful stuff happened.
Sorry, but what could be worse
than me running from my engagement?
Huh?
- Mr. Niyazi?
- Help me. Please, help me!
I'll drop you off somewhere central
in a minute.
I won't call the cops.
Go wherever you want.
Okay? That's it from me.
That's right. Shouldn't you be
at your engagement ceremony?
You ran away too?
What do you mean?
Why did you run away?
Because of murder.
But not a murder I…
Hey! God, help me!
Are you stupid or something?
I earn my money by
the sweat of my brow.
But nobody marries me because
I'm a truck driver. Is it a shameful job?
God, help me! What
am I going to do?
God!
- God will give you a suitable spouse.
- God willing.
God sent you to me.
No, man. The airbag didn't deploy.
This wouldn't have happened otherwise.
Hey, Ali!
God heard my wishes and slung you here.
What an awesome entrance!
Sir, this is not how God sends people.
It's how God takes people.
Don't you see the car?
I went through the window.
Mr. Ali, can you…
Can we check the car?
Hey, look. Jeez!
The cause of the murder is
yet to be determined.
- Look, she is a murderer!
- People need to be cautious.
That's all for now, Zihni.
Back to you.
It was raining women, but I got
a murderer with blood on her hands.
I'm so unlucky!
Sir, I went through the window!
Maybe that's how my hands got bloody.
- I'm not a murderer!
- You can tell the police.
Wait. Stay away or I'll show you!
Don't worry, I won't hurt you.
Dude, call the police.
I'm not feeling good.
Can you all just stop for a second?
I'll kill you all!
Stay away from her!
Come here!
Fatty, what have you done? Huh?
You have a death wish?
Huh?
- You have a car?
- Yes.
Throw the keys!
Throw the keys.
Get them, I'm looking.
- I'll fuck you all up!
- We will!
We are leaving now.
I'll shoot if you move.
- Is this for a truck?
- Yes.
- Which one?
- The orange one.
Don't move, I'm on my last nerve!
Come on.
- Where did you find a gun?
- What gun? I'm so scared.
- Jeez!
- That's the orange one. Come on.
- Open it.
- Come on.
If you had listened to me,
you would have found out the truth.
I'm not a murderer,
I didn't kill her.
If you don't believe me,
why did you save me?
To find out what happened, of course.
If you didn't kill her,
why did the police release your name?
Why did the police release your name?
How do I know you didn't kill her?
A normal person wouldn't run away
from his engagement.
- That's irrelevant! Hey!
- Give me a break. Look!
None of this would have happened
if you hadn't entered my car.
Let's go to the police
and tell them everything!
Let's tell them we are innocent!
Let's go to the police
and get a life sentence.
They must have a proof
if they released our names.
- They wouldn't believe our innocence.
- They wouldn't?
- Have you seen a murderer admit his crime?
- I've never even seen a murderer!
I don't know what they do!
And you think I'm running a drug cartel?
Just think. Use your brain.
What can we do?
Where can we go?
We need to buy some time
and come up with a plan.
And then,
we'll see if the plan works or not.
- You are so cold-blooded. Who are you?
- Look at the road. Look!
I don't want to go through the window
again, because it's becoming a habit.
We'll talk when we
get rid of the truck.
Such a professional!
We'll get rid of the truck!
I'm sure the men at the restaurant
already called the police.
They must be hot on our tracks.
Use your head.
I can't breathe!
Open the window!
Fine, there you go!
- Stop using up my oxygen.
- You think about the window in this mess?
- Sir?
- Hm?
The suspects used a car
rented by Niyazi Kocabaş
from a rent-a-car in Ümraniye.
He escaped from a traffic stop in Çatalca.
- The brother-in-law.
- That's right.
- Find him, wherever he is.
- Yes, sir.
Go on.
Is that so, brother-in-law?
- Chief Inspector?
- Yes?
Chief Superintendent wants to see you
and Inspector Uğur.
Okay, Uğur went to the cafeteria.
Go get him.
- Sure.
- Go on.
Don't worry, Dear Minister.
We will do everything we can.
We'll bring those outlaws to justice
as soon as possible.
Yes, sir.
Please send my best regards
to your dear wife.
Hello? Dear Minister?
I shouldn't have cut him off.
What have you done?
Who told you to speak to the press?
- Massachute… Mashashutep… Masha…
- Massachusetts.
Whatever! Do you think we are there?
Do you think you are FBI agents?
I'm under immense pressure!
The minister comes here tomorrow.
He is a young man on his first case.
He got excited and talked to the press.
Sorry, we couldn't stop it.
Cevat, I'll nail you to the wall.
Are you kidding me?
What kind of an apology is that?
His first case? You bastard!
It's too late now, sir.
Too late? What if they are not murderers?
But you said so to the press.
We will all get relocated
to terrible places tomorrow.
My boy with iron balls! This is how
a police officer is supposed to be!
I've never seen a cop
like you in my life.
Thank you so much, sir.
But Chief Inspector Cevat is my idol.
I came to the homicide bureau
to work with him.
Shut up.
You hear that, Cevat?
He came here to work with you.
- You are his idol. Did I get it right?
- Yes, sir.
Your idol… Come here.
Fuck your idol!
- You bastard! Come here!
- Sir, what are you doing?
- Get the fuck out! You piece of shit!
- Okay.
- Your idol!
- Calm down.
Prick!
You can't even get out of it!
I haven't been in a truck before!
We'll go through the woods.
What? We can reach civilization if…
Sorry, I'm not walking down the road
for everyone to see.
- You wanna build a fire and cook too?
- We can't stay here.
They'll search the woods
if they find a trace.
It's pitch black in there!
We're going into the woods?
What are you looking for?
Did you see something?
- Are you scared?
- Me? Scared?
I am not scared of the things I see.
I'm just uneasy.
Sure! You let go of the wheel
when I said "murder".
My dear, that's a reflex.
It's an art of war, you wouldn't get it.
Your body reacts when it feels a danger.
Please! Jeez.
You weren't laughing
in that restaurant, though.
I saved you
from that gang of giants on my own.
As if they were a mechanized division.
This is all you did.
- Don't exaggerate it.
- Jeez.
You walk around
like you grew up on that oak!
- What?
- Oak!
That's a pine!
Why do you walk around
like you know this place?
I swear I'll choke you!
Stop annoying me.
I'm trying to find the house
I saw on the way.
- We're going there?
- Yes.
- Come on.
- Go on.
I still don't know
why you were at my engagement.
Enough with your fucking engagement!
Why not give the
rings to a family member?
- Why did you search for my brother-in-law?
- Oh no, you got me.
- You know, he caused a scene at the club.
- Yeah?
And he puked on me. So,
I got mad at him.
I decided to kill him
and started following him.
But I killed the singer lady I ran into.
Because I'm a psycho.
I can't stop killing.
I always need to kill something.
- Fine.
- You need to think about where we'll stay.
We have been fighting for our lives
trying to get to this house!
I thought you had a plan.
Why did we walk here?
This is a covert operation.
You need to shut up. Learn to be quiet.
- Be careful.
- You be careful. Especially you.
What are you doing?
Walk behind me.
- What are you doing?
- Shut up!
- Hush!
This is why we
got rid of the truck.
Probably some poor old guy lives here.
Considering his car, he must be tiny.
He won't notice
we took the car until tomorrow.
Meanwhile,
we'll think about where to stay.
You fucking…
You need to use your brain a little bit.
Could you start helping me now?
Shut up and let me think.
You run your mouth like a machine gun.
I know some stuff too. I'll help.
You damned know-it-all.
Watch it.
How do you know so much stuff?
You can even tell
what the man in the house is like.
I'm actually a scriptwriter,
but I can't do my job
because of people like you.
What is going on here?
Some old guy lives here, huh?
You and your damned job… Sir?
Hey!
Where the hell are you?
Did you kill him?
Yeah, sure. And I tied him up
in case he comes back to life.
How did you do it?
When he hit you,
I hit him as a reaction.
You didn't just hit him.
You avenged your past.
You got revenge.
Look, he fainted with his eyes open.
I saw a wrench on the front seat.
What was I supposed to do?
- You sure he is alive?
- He is.
- Have you checked?
- I have.
- Go on, hide him.
- God. Let's go.
- I found a solution!
- God!
I found it!
He is the only person who can save us!
Why are you shouting?
- Where are we going?
- To my uncle.
Your uncle?
You really think he can save us?
For sure.
What is he like?
Bald. Long beard.
Kind of grumpy.
I'm not asking about what he looks like!
- Is he a judge or prosecutor or something?
- No, it's even better than that.
- He is a Maroon Beret.
- What?
- He comes from Maroon Beret in Kastamonu.
- I don't know about that place!
- Beret. Maroon Beret!
- He has a maroon beret? Okay.
- You'll see what he has.
- Hey!
You said you haven't
been here in a while.
You sure it's the place?
It looks empty.
I'm sure.
I never forget the places I visit.
What are you doing?
What are you looking for?
Come here.
- Climb up.
- I can't.
- Come on.
- Jeez!
We turned into criminals overnight.
We got accused of murder.
We stole a truck and a car.
But breaking and entering?
It is too much!
I don't need permission
to enter my own uncle's house.
This doesn't count.
But we are certainly improving.
Certainly! I'll start
a criminal organization in a few years.
You'll be the leader.
We have so much to do.
- Stop! Hands in the air!
- Uncle, I'm Bulut.
- Hey!
- Uncle, please! Our hands are in the air!
- Hands in the air!
- Our hands are in the air!
- Why don't I see it?
- Maybe because it's dark?
- Huh?
- You missed us.
You shot an appliance!
We are on the right!
Why did you tell him?
What if he isn't my uncle?
You're telling me now?
Please turn on the light
if you are his uncle.
- There will be an accident.
- Don't move!
We are not strangers! Tell him!
- Hopefully.
- Hopefully?
Bulut?
Hey, did you bring your fiancée
to meet me? Good for you.
Give me a hug!
He is calling you over. Go!
Why are you smiling?
- What do you mean, smiling?
- My man! Give me a hug!
So, you wanted me to go down with you
and came to me, you jerk.
Is it the fastest it can go?
- There is a problem with the gearbox.
- There is a problem with you, you idiot!
You goddamned idiot.
You were an idiot as a kid too.
We are closely related!
You came to the first address
the police would check!
- You jerk!
- Because you and Dad are on bad terms…
So, you figured the police force
would help us reconcile? You jerk!
Shut up. Don't say a word.
You can't talk until further notice.
- Girl?
- Girl… Yes?
I won't ask again.
Are you responsible for the murder?
No. It's like I told you.
Tell me again, from the start.
- From the start?
- From the start.
Excuse me,
I'm looking for Mr. Niyazi… Jeez!
- Mr. Niyazi?
- Please, help me!
Don't do it! Why
did you do it? Don't!
Oh, no!
It won't stop!
God, somebody help me!
Call an ambulance!
- Stop! Don't move!
- This is how I found her!
- Don't! The singer has been stabbed.
- No, it wasn't me.
- Backup to the groom's room.
- She was lying down…
- I didn't know what to do.
- Don't move.
- I applied pressure…
- Stop.
Stop! Wait!
Wow! Holy hell!
- Uncle, will you help us?
- Shut up.
I told you to be quiet
until further notice.
Let me think.
Let's find you a safe hiding place first.
We'll figure out the rest.
Guys, we need to keep dancing.
It's an engagement!
Sir, here is the brother-in-law.
- Why did you bring him here?
- Why?
I told you this wasn't my house
and I didn't want to come here.
My house has a living room
that's four times bigger than this place.
- He is a little drunk.
- A little?
Get him to sober up
and take him to the interrogation room.
- Don't stand around!
- Yes, sir.
- That's my photo!
- Come on!
I had my teeth then!
That's my photo!
- Dammit!
- Sir?
I was told the girl was seen
next to the victim with the murder weapon.
Read this.
Here is what the preliminary autopsy says.
The killer threw the knife
from a few meters away?
- Yeah.
- No way.
- She is not Xena!
- Shut up!
You're pushing my buttons.
You'll stay here until we figure this out.
You can't leave without my permission.
No phones, no social media,
no communication. Get it?
Doesn't matter for me.
I have nobody to call.
Don't look at me like that.
It's not that bad.
You are no different, either.
Go on, sit down.
I'll buy you some stuff for breakfast.
Also, some clothes.
- What size are you?
- Thirty-eight.
Thirty-eight.
I won't ask you. I'll get you
the jerk size if I can find it.
Idiot.
The kitchen…
We should do something.
You dumb cluck!
Why did you believe her
and escape from your engagement?
- Maybe she lied about being pregnant.
- Maybe?
She suggested a paternity test.
She wouldn't risk it if it was a lie.
I don't want to brag, but my nephew is
an exceptional idiot, you know?
I had to.
She was going to talk to the press.
She threatened my whole family.
I'm sure they are worried sick,
especially Leyla.
You shouldn't have escaped
from your engagement.
You are cursed now.
It's divine justice.
Right, God has cursed me for my sins
and sent you my way.
- Really?
- Right.
- Is that so?
- Hey, stop fighting like cats and dogs.
What is done is done.
It's about your lives now.
If we can't find the murderer,
you'll both get locked up.
- You'll never be released.
- That's worrying.
Should I do some research
about Işıl online?
Maybe she has an enemy
or some debt business.
- Or maybe an obsessive fan.
- Okay, good idea.
I'll find you a laptop
so that you can work.
And you can just sit there
like a useless jerk.
I can't find anything!
I'm losing my mind.
- It's clear. Bulut and Müjde are lovers.
- And his engagement…
- What are you doing?
- Getting intel on Işıl.
Lying down?
You didn't infiltrate Pentagon.
You're going through
public resources like me.
- I'll make coffee. Do you want some?
- Stop. I'll make it.
Getting tired makes you angry.
Blah-blah-blah.
You are all about show.
No milk.
How is my brother-in-law, Mr. Kazım?
Is he doing okay?
How could he be okay?
If it was any worse,
it would be the doomsday.
He is done for.
He is feeling low.
Niyazi.
I will break you
if you tell anyone about this meeting.
I mean it.
I will break you in half. Okay?
I understand, Mr. Kazım.
I don't want to risk my life or anything.
Find an excuse to not go home tonight.
- I need you.
- Whatever you need.
I would die for my brother-in-law.
I love him so much!
Niyazi, I love your character.
And I love you…
sir.
You are a rich boy,
but you can do everything.
You are a jack-of-all-trades.
You are far better than me.
I'm good at cooking,
but you're good at illegal things.
What an idiot. Jeez.
Uncle, you are right on time.
You are so lucky.
What are those?
Uncle, I don't understand at all.
Believe me, I'm not surprised.
Why? Who would do it?
The entire country
was watching us that night.
It was the worst place
to kill our most famous singer.
So, it doesn't make sense.
Right. First, the power goes out.
Then, the murder happens.
It must have been organized.
There were multiple people involved.
They were professionals too.
They thought about everything.
They scouted the area too.
But the question is,
why was Işıl all alone in a room upstairs
right when the engagement was starting?
She was hired to perform there.
That's what we'll find out tonight.
- Is this how we'll find out?
- What? You look great.
Thank you for buying even the eyelashes,
but I can't see anything.
And they hit the glasses I'm wearing.
We are going to a '70s party.
You are naturally camouflaged.
You complain too much.
Why aren't you dressed up?
If something goes wrong,
I don't want to be exposed, you jerk.
The manager was the singer's
closest friend. They grew up together.
She couldn't handle all that happened
and decided to go abroad for a while.
We are going
to her farewell party right now.
Fuck… My apologies, Müjde.
You never know.
She is the only person
who can tell us about the victim.
Her flight is right after the party.
We can't afford to lose track of her.
Well, that sounds good.
It will be a fun change.
But doesn't she believe we are murderers?
Why would she help us?
She wouldn't talk to us.
Let me fix your hair.
You guys go in and look around.
I'll take care of the rest.
Mr. Kazım! Bulut!
Stop, man! I am here now!
I'm here.
Bulut, I found a place in Bağcılar.
See? I paid 1500 liras for them.
What a bargain!
They are zirconia and better than before.
See, nothing happens.
- Police! Uncle!
- Police.
- Okay, calm down.
- I look okay.
- Calm down.
- My teeth hiss.
Let me handle it.
- Good evening.
Can I see your documents?
- Here you go, Commander.
- Thanks.
- Off to a mission?
- What?
Officer, are you making fun of us? Huh?
Who is your Inspector?
Bring him here.
- Don't look around, bring him!
- Major!
He is doing his job.
That's enough.
Commander! Sir!
It's not enough!
This officer has been disrespectful.
"Off to a mission?" Off to a concert!
We came here from the '70s
using a time machine.
We are Led Zeppelin, only with a lady.
I want to talk to your Inspector.
Sometimes we get stressed
about the mission. My apologies.
- Good evening.
The door won't open.
I swear it was
an Oscar worthy performance.
Alright, but why?
He was going to let us go
after checking his ID.
You think so? I don't agree.
I think he was scared of me.
Niyazi.
I would have a few choice words for you
if it wasn't for the lady in the back.
Alright, let's continue.
There are two exits.
One is here. This is where I'll wait.
You'll wait at the other exit
in the back, Niyazi.
You'll go inside.
Follow the manager like a shadow.
Keep an eye on her at all times.
Oh, wow!
- Bulut, how do we find her in this crowd?
- I'm sure we'll find her.
We're only here for formality.
My uncle will take care of it.
- I love how chill you are.
- And I love how nervous you are.
Relax a little.
You'll die young because of it.
This may be the last party of our lives.
Enjoy it a little.
Fine.
- One. Hold me. Two. Three.
- What are you doing? Enough!
I wish I made it to four.
But I'm too tired to continue.
- Let's split.
- Good idea.
What's that?
Hey, buddy! Could you push her here?
Please.
It's not her. Take her back.
The tears of wine on the side of the glass
mean high alcohol content and full body.
This is grape vinegar!
Don't drink it!
What are you doing?
Don't make me say it in public.
I'm saying it with my face!
- I can't see it with your glasses!
- The manager left!
- What?
- Call Mr. Kazım! Dammit!
Come on!
Yes?
Okay.
The bird has left the cage.
What bird? What's going on?
Thanks for the warning.
Come on!
Excuse me, I ate too much.
We lost her!
Niyazi, you goddamned pig!
We lost the manager!
Is that the bird
Mr. Kazım was talking about?
The manager!
Excuse me. Manager.
You'll fly under the radar.
Once you are done,
put Aslıhan in the car and drive away.
Help!
- Fuck.
- What happened?
Help me! It's the murderer!
Is there a problem?
Catch them! They killed Işıl
and they will kill me too!
- We'll just ask her a question. Calm down.
- Shut up!
- Calm down, this is not necessary.
- My keys!
Muko, call the cops.
- We just have a question.
- Shut up!
Stand behind me.
- Bulut is running away, Mr. Kazım!
- The manager is running away, not me!
Come here!
Mr. Kazım!
Kazım!
You are fucking useless,
but at least stop hindering us.
She is a great runner.
- Where is Müjde?
- What? Wasn't she with you?
There she is.
Go back. Slow down. A bit more.
Alright. Stop. Stop.
Now we can proudly add kidnapping
to our long list of crimes.
I agree, we went too far.
We're acting too cool.
What's our problem?
She could have sat blindfolded
in the back seat.
You went too far,
taping her body rigorously.
- Too far?
- Too far.
Sorry.
Help me. I got her.
- Come on.
- I got her.
Is it good? It's comfortable.
Let me help you.
I got her, wait. I got her.
It is unclear why the famous manager
has been kidnapped.
Here is our interview
with the manager's family,
who has been missing for three days.
This song is for our rapper friends.
- Ms. Leyla, when will you come back?
- I won't be back in Turkey for a while.
Ms. Aslıhan got kidnapped.
She might have the same fate as Ms. Işıl.
Just like you, I pray she will be saved
from those monsters soon.
I know where you're going with this.
But I won't say a word about him.
He is dead to me now.
Calm down.
What she is going through is not easy.
Anybody would react the same.
- Thanks.
- Enjoy.
Look, we don't expect you
to believe our story.
But think about it. Look at us.
Why would we kill Işıl?
What could be our problem with her?
We won't kill you either.
We just want information.
If you have nothing to say,
we can't keep you forever.
We'll just let you go.
We got the blame for this murder.
We don't know who did it and why.
- May God damn them.
- May God damn them all.
We just want to clear our names.
You are the only person who can help us.
Do you understand?
I think your friend would want it too.
Because she'll find peace
when the real killers are found.
- True.
- I can't forget her face.
Sure. Your coffee.
Let me untie your hand.
Right or left?
Shame on you. She is doing this.
She is just showing her hand.
Who fucking cares which hand she wants?
- I'm accused of murder here!
- Stop yelling.
Here is what she did!
Give me a break.
She won't help us now
with all your talking. Shame on you!
I apologize.
It's just for everyone's safety.
We'll drop you off near your house.
Bye.
He kills Işıl, leaves Leyla
during their engagement
and runs off with Müjde.
What the hell? He is fucking evil.
He kidnaps the manager, then releases her.
He is making plans we don't understand.
Please, it's not a plan.
He is trying to send us a message.
He's saying they aren't killers.
He questioned Ms. Aslıhan
just to look believable.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Let's see the photos.
Is it so bad?
Hey, can you bring us lentil soup?
- I don't want to get sick.
- Shut up! Turn up the volume!
I didn't share this info
because it wasn't confirmed.
Now, there is a young lady here.
Haven't I told you a month ago?
What is she doing to that wall?
She fucked up the wall.
We are going to have to paint it.
Maybe wet wipes will be enough.
Huh? Don't you think?
- So, where were we?
- You said you found the killer.
Right. Listen.
Rafet was having problems with Hülya,
so he sought comfort in Işıl's arms.
But soon, he realized
this was a terrible mistake.
He loved his wife
and wanted to break up with Işıl.
But Işıl was tenacious.
She didn't accept the breakup.
She threatened
to leak the relationship to the press.
Rafet realized
this wouldn't be settled amicably.
He was out of time.
In a moment of breakdown, he killed Işıl.
Müjde.
- I have two questions.
- Okay.
One, what are you talking about?
Two, why would he kill his lover
at his daughter's engagement?
Maybe it was the plan all along,
because people would think that way.
What do you think, Mr. Kazım?
Wouldn't we understand it if you told us
instead of drawing a photonovel?
I guess we would, but anyway.
I'm sorry, you are right.
I got excited and drew on the wall.
I'm good at it.
It's the only way my mind works.
As if you turn into Einstein!
Why not ask for a notebook and pen?
- What is all this show about?
- Stop fighting.
So, the deceased had
an extramarital relationship.
Then, somebody leaked it to the press.
Is it coincidence?
Coincidence? Please.
Nothing would surprise me anymore.
He was my father-in-law.
Shameless old bastard!
Says the guy
who escaped from his engagement
because of the woman he impregnated.
- Blah-blah-blah.
- Hey, get it together.
We have to find
him and make him talk.
True. He was her lover,
even if he didn't commit the murder.
- He can give a lot of info.
- Right.
- We'll go tomorrow night if it works.
- For sure, we have nothing else to do.
I don't mean if it works for you.
I mean if it works with
where he is, you idiot.
Do we know where he could be?
I bet his wife kicked him out.
- I'll show you, Rafet.
- Never mind him now.
You think we can't clean it
with wet wipes?
I'm sure we can.
- The car is coming out.
- You're not allowed.
- I'm from New York Freeball News.
- You can't.
Look, I'm from Freeball TV.
- Step back.
- One second.
- Step back, guys.
- Sir!
- Let him go.
- They are talking about murder and stuff!
- What does he think?
- Go away.
Can you comment on the news?
- Guys, please.
- Let us talk to him.
You can't take him out of there.
You have to do everything in there.
You have five minutes
to go in, make him talk and leave.
You get it? Now go.
Bulut, the lawyer left.
Let's go! Come on, miss.
I'll tie the boat.
Are you expecting someone?
- What was that?
- He won't get knocked out!
It's not how you do it!
- Who is he?
- His right-hand man. Go!
He doesn't get knocked out like that!
- Finally.
- Who the hell are you?
- Shut up.
- Quiet.
You…
Since you are now after me,
you leaked the news to the press.
But why? Why do you do all this?
What do you want?
We are not here to hurt you.
We just want to talk. Calm down.
I'm calm.
- Müjde, stay back.
- Bulut, let me talk.
You'll get hurt, stay back.
- Why did you take your jacket off?
- Fuck this jacket.
Clearly, we'll do it the hard way
with my not-so-dear father-in-law.
Sir, just listen to us.
Give us five minutes.
It's not what you think.
Give us two minutes, please.
Yes.
- He is beating me up!
- He clearly has years of training.
Get up.
- I'm asking for help. He is messing me up!
- Please, get up.
Here he comes.
I'm sorry, Bulut!
I told you, this doesn't knock you out.
This does.
Stop for a second. Let's rest.
You aren't bad at all.
Never mind that.
Tell me, why did you kill your lover?
You think you can use
reverse psychology on me?
If I had wanted her dead,
do you think I would have done it myself?
I'm worth four billion dollars.
I'm not just a regular guy.
- Is that so?
- Sure.
- How is Leyla?
- She is fine.
She is seeing Fırat again.
- What?
- What did you expect?
She was only with
you to make him jealous.
I know my own daughter.
That piece of shit, Fırat, is
actually with a model…
It has been half an hour.
We taught that clown well.
He can take care of an old man.
- It seems he did. He is coming.
- It seems he didn't.
- How many people beat him?
- One.
One.
- Did he say anything?
- He has no info, that horny old bastard.
Why was the victim upstairs?
They argued there
because he didn't know she'd come.
- Should I get on the boat?
- Yeah.
Slow down, we are not in a rush!
- There is one last possibility.
- And it's death! Slow down!
- It's your mother-in-law, Hülya.
- Mr. Kazım!
Hey, Niyazi fell down!
Maybe she knew
about their affair all along.
She found out how her husband planned
to divorce her and marry the victim.
She wanted revenge.
She took his love from him
on his happiest day.
Then, she leaked the affair to the press
and destroyed his reputation.
This helped her look like a victim too.
So, we'll follow her each step.
We'll know even when she breathes.
We'll get her as soon as
we find a clue about the murder.
Mom used to say, "Your husband's death
is like hitting your pinky toe."
"It hurts for a moment, then it's okay."
- But Mr. Rafet didn't die.
- He is dead to me.
We will talk about
this once and for all.
Because it seems
you don't understand our relationship.
Flash news!
We caught them!
The famous couple was caught on camera
after coming home.
Flash news!
The lovers are back together again.
You didn't need to.
The news don't upset me anymore.
I have no feelings for her.
She was using me after all.
Should I go fishing?
I'll go fishing to pass the time.
- In this weather?
- I'm not sugar, I won't dissolve!
- But let me know if you don't like it.
- You mean if I like fish? I like it, sure.
And some appetizers too?
- I'll cook this time.
- Deal.
I've spent six hours fishing.
I thought there'd be more fish
in this weather. No carp, no trout.
You want fish so bad? Here.
- You got anchovy.
- I only eat anchovy.
You can't find anchovy in a lake!
It's not a freshwater fish.
So embarrassing.
You can't stop lying for once.
It's not my fault.
This lake has no fish.
I wouldn't have tried to show off
if I had known.
She prepared all that food.
It shouldn't go to waste.
You stopped my daughter
from getting engaged to that bum,
and I paid you generously.
That's it. We did business.
You can't call me like a friend
whenever you want.
The rest is unrelated.
There is nothing about the murder.
So, I haven't followed her
in this past week.
And you can relax.
You won't be a father, it was a lie.
Very funny!
It was a joke.
- He is tense today.
- He is.
But that woman is insane.
She did that
to stop her daughter's engagement?
- Thank you for buying the fish, Mr. Kazım.
- Enjoy.
Yes, thank you.
I don't like freshwater fish
due to all their fish bones.
Look, I have a spot in Rumeli Kavağı.
When I fish there,
I never return empty-handed.
- We can even catch bluefish.
- Sure.
But we should go
when it's the right season.
Ask him if he can even recognize bluefish.
He thinks this is anchovy, not bonito.
That's what he told me.
Please, I'm a Bosporus kid.
I can recognize bonito.
This is mackerel, you Bosporus kid!
Fine, I don't really know fish.
Alright!
Quads!
But it won't help me.
This is like hitting the only tree
in a savannah. Jeez!
My teeth!
They still couldn't properly fix
my implants, Kadir!
Wait here.
Wait a minute.
Mr. Niyazi.
Ms. Aslıhan. How can I help?
Tell me, how can I help you?
Is there an engagement or wedding?
We have some rare pieces on the right.
Let me kiss it.
These pieces…
- Mr. Niyazi.
- Yes?
Thank you, but I'm not here to shop.
Müjde gave me this address
in case I need to reach them
about the developments.
You really are a decent person.
All this time, you've kept Bulut's secret
instead of going to the police.
Hats off to you.
A diamond. Wouldn't you want one?
It would look great.
I have a supplier in Antwerp.
- Was this a venue employee?
- Yes.
They told her to cut the power
for a surprise.
And they gave her a bunch of money.
She believed them, the poor thing.
She didn't realize until the murder.
Then, she got scared and quit her job.
She has been hiding since then.
- Why didn't she go to the police?
- I don't know.
We'll find out when we get there.
Finally! The culprit is
whoever asked her to cut the power off.
We have our murderer.
The nightmare is over.
But this was too easy.
What? Do you want me
to get beaten up again?
No, why do you say that?
Does it hurt a lot?
Obviously.
- Turn left here.
- You sure?
- Yes.
- Is it on the right?
- Here?
The door is open.
Be careful.
What?
What is it?
Dead.
Hey, stay there!
Come here! Stay there!
We need to go, Uncle.
The police are here.
Let's go.
- We'll go through here.
- Mr. Kazım!
- Girl.
- Girl… Yes?
Never mind.
God!
It knocked my breath out.
This doesn't happen in the movies!
Why jump into the dumpster
instead of the ground?
Run!
Stop! Police!
Run! What the hell?
Come on! Are you okay?
You look white. Hang tight!
- You love action.
- I do!
What's wrong then? Come on!
Come on!
She fainted!
Are you telling me, you idiot?
You think I can't see?
Get her up! Now!
- I had to leave her!
- I can see it!
- Won't you do anything?
- Like what, shoot a police officer?
- Go! Come on!
- Müjde!
Müjde!
The key is here.
Get on it!
Are you stupid?
You have made too many mistakes.
If you had called for backup,
we'd have them now. Get lost.
Alright. Get it together. Calm down.
We almost got caught.
I wish we got caught instead of
leaving Müjde behind like cowards!
You think I'm scared of prison?
I'm doing it all for you!
If we get caught,
who'll figure this thing out? Mr. Niyazi?
Who is calling this late?
- What the hell?
- Müjde!
I'll send you a location.
If you aren't there at midnight,
I'll call again to show you
how I shoot her in the head.
- Is it clear enough?
- Hey!
- How? The police got Müjde.
- I don't know.
- You don't know? Who is this?
- How does he know your number?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
- I don't know!
Jeez, what's wrong with you?
I'm telling you, I don't know!
The bald Chief and my idol Cevat
still scold me about these guys.
The idiots still believe that I released
the names to the press by accident.
Like you said, we owe you
for everything you did that night.
You've earned it.
CHECK FOR 500,000 TURKISH LIRAS
Give me your hand.
Hold it. Put your finger through.
Alright, now press.
No.
See?
Now you killed a cop too.
Love, I'm sick of
the entertainment business.
I get tired, it gets too loud.
I want to sell all my clubs and go into
the energy sector. What do you think?
I've been telling you,
that's not necessary.
- Just sell your hotels.
- You are right.
Love, I have some urgent business.
Would it be okay if I left?
Sure, I'll leave early anyway.
Girls and I are going to Milano tomorrow.
- You are so beautiful.
- Thank you.
Bulut! Mr. Kazım!
Thank God.
- Girl, are you okay?
- I am. Bulut…
Bulut!
Müjde, are you okay?
Did these bastards hurt you?
I'm okay, but why did you come for me?
Now they'll kill all of us.
- How is your arm?
- It hurts a bit.
We'll throw you overboard.
The police will keep looking for you
since they won't know you are dead.
So, your father-in-law was
behind the whole thing?
I haven't worked for Mr. Rafet
in a long time.
I mean, I have,
but I have a better paying side hustle.
You!
Excuse me, I'm looking for Mr. Niyazi…
Bulut… Do you know
the amount of trouble you caused me?
You almost messed up the plan
I've been working on for five years.
What plan?
You think I'd let you have Leyla?
You wanted to get the girl
and take over the holding company.
Well, I spent years for it!
It was all about the money. Incredible.
Then, what was your problem
with that poor woman?
What did Işıl do?
What did she have to do with it?
How about this?
I'll send you guys to her
and you can ask her yourselves, okay?
She is right.
Why didn't you come to me?
Why did she have to die?
It was an occupational accident.
I meant to kill you that night.
But you decided to escape
from the ceremony at the last minute.
She was in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
It was just unlucky.
I'm so sad about it.
Are you nuts?
If your idea was to kill him,
why didn't you do it at the right time?
Why did you orchestrate
this whole thing, you idiot?
- What are you talking about?
- It's not how you do it.
You could just cut him off in your car,
open your window,
shoot him in the head twice
and be done with it.
- This is how you do it, Mr. Kazım.
- Right.
Enough! Ateş, why didn't I think of that?
I'm sure Leyla was only with him
because she was mad at me.
I waited for her to get cold feet,
but she didn't.
And that made me worried.
What if she truly loved you?
I couldn't take that risk.
Enough with the chitchat.
Your time ends here, unfortunately.
- So?
- "So" what?
You won't do anything?
What can we do?
Our hands are tied.
Did you come all that way
fucking empty-handed?
- Excuse me, Mr. Kazım.
- It's fine.
You had no plan?
God!
Put it down! She
is always ready to kill!
I have blood phobia, don't you understand?
Do it once I'm gone.
- Fırat!
- What?
You were an asshole, but thank you.
Why? Because I'm saving you
from your miserable life?
No, because you told everything.
You could keep it to yourself.
Fuck off.
Attention! You have been surrounded!
You have nowhere to run!
- What the hell?
- Surrender!
Ateş, what the hell?
It's the police.
You're right about the jerk,
but I'm really, really, really hurt
that you thought I didn't have a plan.
We'll make them talk.
We'll make them confess everything
and record it, okay?
Okay, that's easy to do,
but how are we going to save our asses?
Tell me, what is it?
I know where Bulut and Müjde are.
I'm here to report it.
Surrender! You have nowhere to run!
Bulut, this place is awesome.
If I knew it, I'd get married too.
Will you organize a night like this for me
if I get married?
You will, right?
Jeez, do you think you are
my brother-in-law because I like you?
- You are married to my sister!
- Oh!
But seriously,
if I hadn't listened to Niyazi
and escaped from my engagement,
I would be dead now, Alper.
He is a smart man.
Interesting! You come here
so often these days, Mr. Bulut.
- Well, it's a beautiful place.
- Really?
It's truly, incredibly beautiful.
My mom is inviting you to dinner tomorrow.
- Who?
- My mom. She is inviting you to dinner.
Me?
It got in my eye.
- I mixed up their order.
- From sour to more sour.
My uncle will be there too.
He made up with my dad.
- I don't want him to come.
- Why?
- I don't know.
- He can come.
Bring new ones,
I can't take these to the customers.
Imagine me drunk!
Your mom is inviting me?
- Wipe your mouth.
- But with this.
- It will burn.
- It does.
- Your lips will be dry.
- They are.
It's not how you
play a 4-2, you jerk!
I'm doing it my way.
Worry about your own play. Jeez!
You jerk! Here!
Go on.
- Hey, boy!
- Bekir! Bring it back!
Bekir!
- Bulut.
- What?
What do you mean
you haven't opened up yet?
If you think you can't do it,
I can handle it as your brother-in-law.
Sure, but I don't need you to.
Thank you so much.
I'll take care of it tonight.
I have a nice plan.
It will work!
I saw how she looked at you last night.
She loves you too.
- Right?
- She does.
Where were you last night?
You had fun without me?
Without your brother-in-law?
Alright then.
See, you can't look me in the eye.
She is here!
Not talking to you.
- Tell me what happened.
- I heard noises one night.
I went to see with my rifle.
I saw them entering through the window
and turned on the lights…
His face was frozen.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you, thanks.
Stop looking at me. Look ahead.
- Let me tuck your hair behind your ear.
- My hair… Your mom is here!
Have you sold your new script?
No, but I'm used to it.
I'd be surprised if I could.
They say people don't love action.
- Love?
- Yes, it's how this business is.
No, your new script should be about love.
Oh.
Well, the script is ready
and we know the leads.
I just need to write it down.
Stop. Jeez.
It's great.